Highlight that Redis Enterprise tier supports redis 6.0 + modules. (#79353)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-cache-for-redis/quickstart-create-redis-enterprise.md

* Enterprise, which uses volatile memory (DRAM) on a virtual machine to store data
* Enterprise Flash, which uses both volatile and non-volatile memory (NVMe or SSD) to store data.

> Both support redis 6.0, and some new features not yet available in the other tiers, including some redis modules.

Reviewer: At some point, we decided to avoid .0 (point anything) in the docs just as it is in the UI. I'm being pedantic but I hope clear by adding this stuff.

```suggestion
Both Enterprise and Enterprise Flash support open-source Redis 6 and some new features not yet available in the Basic, Standard or Premium tiers, including some Redis modules.  
```
Also, can we be a bit more specific about the module?
